# -NETWORKING-NETWORK-INTRUSION-DETECTION-
BUSINESS CONTEXT:  With the enormous growth of computer networks usage and the huge increase in the number of applications running on top of it, network security is becoming increasingly more important. All the computer systems suffer from security vulnerabilities which are both technically difficult and economically costly to be solved by the manufacturers. Therefore, the role of Intrusion Detection Systems (IDSs), as special-purpose devices to detect anomalies and attacks in the network, is becoming more important.    The research in the intrusion detection field has been mostly focused on anomaly-based and misusebased detection techniques for a long time. While misuse-based detection is generally favored in commercial products due to its predictability and high accuracy, in academic research anomaly detection is typically conceived as a more powerful method due to its theoretical potential for addressing novel attacks.  Conducting a thorough analysis of the recent research trend in anomaly detection, one will encounter several machine learning methods reported to have a very high detection rate of 98% while keeping the false alarm rate at 1%. However, when we look at the state of the art IDS solutions and commercial tools, there is no evidence of using anomaly detection approaches, and practitioners still think that it is an immature technology. To find the reason of this contrast, lots of research was done done in anomaly detection and considered various aspects such as learning and detection approaches, training data sets, testing data sets, and evaluation methods.  BUSINESS PROBLEM:   Your task to build network intrusion detection system to detect anamolies and attacks in the network. There are two problems.   1. Binomial Classification: Activity is normal or attack 2. Multinomial classification: Activity is normal or DOS or PROBE or R2L or U2R 
